Memorial University of Newfoundland, also known as Memorial University or MUN, 
is a multi-campus, multidisciplinary university dedicated to creativity, 
innovation, and excellence in teaching and learning, research, scholarship, 
and public engagement. Ranked as one of the top comprehensive universities 
in Canada, Memorial offers a wide-range of certificate, diploma, undergraduate, 
graduate and postgraduate programs, complemented by extensive online courses 
and degrees. Memorial's five campuses, located in St. John's and Corner Brook, 
Newfoundland and Labrador, and Harlow, Essex, United Kingdom, are served by 
more than 1,300 faculty and 2,400 staff members.

As a community of students and scholars from all over the world, 
including more than 18,000 students from nearly 100 countries, 
and almost 90,000 alumni worldwide, Memorial is one of the largest 
universities in Atlantic Canada[6]. More than 40 per cent of Memorial's 
research and development is related to oceans,[7] much of which overlaps with 
teaching and learning initiatives, and public engagement opportunities. 
Memorial's cold ocean and Arctic expertise is wide-ranging, with deep strengths 
in all faculties, including science, engineering, education, 
medicine and the humanities and social sciences.

As Newfoundland and Labrador's only university, Memorial has a special 
obligation to the people of the province.[8] Founded in 1925 as a living 
memorial to the residents who lost their lives during active service in 
the First World War and subsequent conflicts, Memorial University serves to 
honour that great sacrifice through education, research, and public engagement.

Campuses
Memorial University has four main campuses and two satellite campuses across 
three regions of Newfoundland and Labrador, and in two countries 
(Canada and England). The main campus in St. John's, Newfoundland 
and Labrador is split by Prince Philip Drive where the northern section is 
bounded by Pippy Park, and the southern section is largely surrounded by 
residential areas.

ST.JOHN'S Campuse
The largest campus is located in St. John's. Prince Philip Drive runs east–west 
through the main campus, with Westerland Road bordering it to the west, 
Elizabeth Avenue to the south and Allandale Road to the east. The majority of 
the academic buildings are located south of Prince Philip Drive; the Arts and 
Administration building, Science building, Chemistry and Physics, Mathematics, 
Music, Education, Physical Education and the Bruneau Centre for Research and 
Innovation. The University Centre is home to the food court, bookstore, 
campus bar ("Breezeway"), and the CHMR-FM campus radio station.

